Existing designs for fine-grained, dynamic information-flow control assume that it is acceptable to terminate the entire system when an incorrect flow is detected-i.e, they give up availability for the sake of confidentiality and integrity. This is an unrealistic limitation for systems such as long-running servers. We identify public labels and delayed exceptions as crucial ingredients for making information-flow errors recoverable in a sound and usable language, and we propose two new error-handling mechanisms that make all errors recoverable. The first mechanism builds directly on these basic ingredients, using not-a-values (NaVs) and data flow to propagate errors. The second mechanism adapts the standard exception model to satisfy the extra constraints arising from information flow control, converting thrown exceptions to delayed ones at certain points. We prove that both mechanisms enjoy the fundamental soundness property of non-interference. Finally, we describe a prototype implementation of a full-scale language with NaVs and report on our experience building robust software components in this setting.
New operating systems, such as the Capsicum capability system, allow a programmer to write an application that satisfies strong security properties by invoking security-specific system calls at a few key points in the program. However, rewriting an application to invoke such system calls correctly is an error-prone process: even the Capsicum developers have reported difficulties in rewriting programs to correctly invoke system calls. This paper describes capweave, a tool that takes as input (i) an LLVM program, and (ii) a declarative policy of the possibly-changing capabilities that a program must hold during its execution, and rewrites the program to use Capsicum system calls to enforce the policy. Our experiments demonstrate that capweave can be applied to rewrite security-critical UNIX utilities to satisfy practical security policies. capweave itself works quickly, and the runtime overhead incurred in the programs that capweave produces is generally low for practical workloads.
This paper describes our experience of performing reactive security audit of known security vulnerabilities in core operating system and browser COM components, using an extended static checker HAVOCLITE. We describe the extensions made to the tool to be applicable on such large C++ components, along with our experience of using an extended static checker in the large. We argue that the use of such checkers as a configurable static analysis in the hands of security auditors can be an effective tool for finding variations of known vulnerabilities. The effort has led to finding and fixing around 70 previously unknown security vulnerabilities in over 10 millions lines operating system and browser code.
Memory corruption bugs in software written in low-level languages like C or C++ are one of the oldest problems in computer security. The lack of safety in these languages allows attackers to alter the program's behavior or take full control over it by hijacking its control flow. This problem has existed for more than 30 years and a vast number of potential solutions have been proposed, yet memory corruption attacks continue to pose a serious threat. Real world exploits show that all currently deployed protections can be defeated. This paper sheds light on the primary reasons for this by describing attacks that succeed on today's systems. We systematize the current knowledge about various protection techniques by setting up a general model for memory corruption attacks. Using this model we show what policies can stop which attacks. The model identifies weaknesses of currently deployed techniques, as well as other proposed protections enforcing stricter policies. We analyze the reasons why protection mechanisms implementing stricter polices are not deployed. To achieve wide adoption, protection mechanisms must support a multitude of features and must satisfy a host of requirements. Especially important is performance, as experience shows that only solutions whose overhead is in reasonable bounds get deployed. A comparison of different enforceable policies helps designers of new protection mechanisms in finding the balance between effectiveness (security) and efficiency. We identify some open research problems, and provide suggestions on improving the adoption of newer techniques.
In response to the growing popularity of Tor and other censorship circumvention systems, censors in non-democratic countries have increased their technical capabilities and can now recognize and block network traffic generated by these systems on a nationwide scale. New censorship-resistant communication systems such as Skype Morph, Stego Torus, and Censor Spoofer aim to evade censors' observations by imitating common protocols like Skype and HTTP. We demonstrate that these systems completely fail to achieve unobservability. Even a very weak, local censor can easily distinguish their traffic from the imitated protocols. We show dozens of passive and active methods that recognize even a single imitated session, without any need to correlate multiple network flows or perform sophisticated traffic analysis. We enumerate the requirements that a censorship-resistant system must satisfy to successfully mimic another protocol and conclude that "unobservability by imitation" is a fundamentally flawed approach. We then present our recommendations for the design of unobservable communication systems.
Tor is the most popular volunteer-based anonymity network consisting of over 3000 volunteer-operated relays. Apart from making connections to servers hard to trace to their origin it can also provide receiver privacy for Internet services through a feature called "hidden services". In this paper we expose flaws both in the design and implementation of Tor's hidden services that allow an attacker to measure the popularity of arbitrary hidden services, take down hidden services and deanonymize hidden services. We give a practical evaluation of our techniques by studying: (1) a recent case of a botnet using Tor hidden services for command and control channels; (2) Silk Road, a hidden service used to sell drugs and other contraband; (3) the hidden service of the DuckDuckGo search engine.
Centralized botnets are easy targets for takedown efforts by computer security researchers and law enforcement. Thus, botnet controllers have sought new ways to harden the infrastructures of their botnets. In order to meet this objective, some botnet operators have (re)designed their botnets to use Peer-to-Peer (P2P) infrastructures. Many P2P botnets are far more resilient to takedown attempts than centralized botnets, because they have no single points of failure. However, P2P botnets are subject to unique classes of attacks, such as node enumeration and poisoning. In this paper, we introduce a formal graph model to capture the intrinsic properties and fundamental vulnerabilities of P2P botnets. We apply our model to current P2P botnets to assess their resilience against attacks. We provide assessments on the sizes of all eleven active P2P botnets, showing that some P2P botnet families contain over a million bots. In addition, we have prototyped several mitigation strategies to measure the resilience of existing P2P botnets. We believe that the results from our analysis can be used to assist security researchers in evaluating mitigation strategies against current and future P2P botnets.
Malicious Web activities continue to be a major threat to the safety of online Web users. Despite the plethora forms of attacks and the diversity of their delivery channels, in the back end, they are all orchestrated through malicious Web infrastructures, which enable miscreants to do business with each other and utilize others' resources. Identifying the linchpins of the dark infrastructures and distinguishing those valuable to the adversaries from those disposable are critical for gaining an upper hand in the battle against them. In this paper, using nearly 4 million malicious URL paths crawled from different attack channels, we perform a large-scale study on the topological relations among hosts in the malicious Web infrastructure. Our study reveals the existence of a set of topologically dedicated malicious hosts that play orchestrating roles in malicious activities. They are well connected to other malicious hosts and do not receive traffic from legitimate sites. Motivated by their distinctive features in topology, we develop a graph-based approach that relies on a small set of known malicious hosts as seeds to detect dedicate malicious hosts in a large scale. Our method is general across the use of different types of seed data, and results in an expansion rate of over 12 times in detection with a low false detection rate of 2%. Many of the detected hosts operate as redirectors, in particular Traffic Distribution Systems (TDSes) that are long-lived and receive traffic from new attack campaigns over time. These TDSes play critical roles in managing malicious traffic flows. Detecting and taking down these dedicated malicious hosts can therefore have more impact on the malicious Web infrastructures than aiming at short-lived doorways or exploit sites.
We present the Crossfire attack -- a powerful attack that degrades and often cuts off network connections to a variety of selected server targets (e.g., servers of an enterprise, a city, a state, or a small country) by flooding only a few network links. In Crossfire, a small set of bots directs low intensity flows to a large number of publicly accessible servers. The concentration of these flows on the small set of carefully chosen links floods these links and effectively disconnects selected target servers from the Internet. The sources of the Crossfire attack are undetectable by any targeted servers, since they no longer receive any messages, and by network routers, since they receive only low-intensity, individual flows that are indistinguishable from legitimate flows. The attack persistence can be extended virtually indefinitely by changing the set of bots, publicly accessible servers, and target links while maintaining the same disconnection targets. We demonstrate the attack feasibility using Internet experiments, show its effects on a variety of chosen targets (e.g., servers of universities, US states, East and West Coasts of the US), and explore several countermeasures.
Electromagnetic interference (EMI) affects circuits by inducing voltages on conductors. Analog sensing of signals on the order of a few millivolts is particularly sensitive to interference. This work (1) measures the susceptibility of analog sensor systems to signal injection attacks by intentional, low-power emission of chosen electromagnetic waveforms, and (2) proposes defense mechanisms to reduce the risks. Our experiments use specially crafted EMI at varying power and distance to measure susceptibility of sensors in implantable medical devices and consumer electronics. Results show that at distances of 1-2m, consumer electronic devices containing microphones are vulnerable to the injection of bogus audio signals. Our measurements show that in free air, intentional EMI under 10 W can inhibit pacing and induce defibrillation shocks at distances up to 1-2m on implantable cardiac electronic devices. However, with the sensing leads and medical devices immersed in a saline bath to better approximate the human body, the same experiment decreases to about 5 cm. Our defenses range from prevention with simple analog shielding to detection with a signal contamination metric based on the root mean square of waveform amplitudes. Our contribution to securing cardiac devices includes a novel defense mechanism that probes for forged pacing pulses inconsistent with the refractory period of cardiac tissue.
Wireless communication provides unique security challenges, but also enables novel ways to defend against attacks. In the past few years, a number of works discussed the use of friendly jamming to protect the confidentiality of the communicated data as well as to enable message authentication and access control. In this work, we analytically and experimentally evaluate the confidentiality that can be achieved by the use of friendly jamming, given an attacker with multiple receiving antennas. We construct a MIMO-based attack that allows the attacker to recover data protected by friendly jamming and refine the conditions for which this attack is most effective. Our attack shows that friendly jamming cannot provide strong confidentiality guarantees in all settings. We further test our attack in a setting where friendly jamming is used to protect the communication to medical implants.
This paper presents a novel mechanism, called Ally Friendly Jamming, which aims at providing an intelligent jamming capability that can disable unauthorized (enemy) wireless communication but at the same time still allow authorized wireless devices to communicate, even if all these devices operate at the same frequency. The basic idea is to jam the wireless channel continuously but properly control the jamming signals with secret keys, so that the jamming signals are unpredictable interference to unauthorized devices, but are recoverable by authorized ones equipped with the secret keys. To achieve the ally friendly jamming capability, we develop new techniques to generate ally jamming signals, to identify and synchronize with multiple ally jammers. This paper also reports the analysis, implementation, and experimental evaluation of ally friendly jamming on a software defined radio platform. Both the analytical and experimental results indicate that the proposed techniques can effectively disable enemy wireless communication and at the same time maintain wireless communication between authorized devices.
Due to the prevalence of control-flow hijacking attacks, a wide variety of defense methods to protect both user space and kernel space code have been developed in the past years. A few examples that have received widespread adoption include stack canaries, non-executable memory, and Address Space Layout Randomization (ASLR). When implemented correctly (i.e., a given system fully supports these protection methods and no information leak exists), the attack surface is significantly reduced and typical exploitation strategies are severely thwarted. All modern desktop and server operating systems support these techniques and ASLR has also been added to different mobile operating systems recently. In this paper, we study the limitations of kernel space ASLR against a local attacker with restricted privileges. We show that an adversary can implement a generic side channel attack against the memory management system to deduce information about the privileged address space layout. Our approach is based on the intrinsic property that the different caches are shared resources on computer systems. We introduce three implementations of our methodology and show that our attacks are feasible on four different x86-based CPUs (both 32- and 64-bit architectures) and also applicable to virtual machines. As a result, we can successfully circumvent kernel space ASLR on current operating systems. Furthermore, we also discuss mitigation strategies against our attacks, and propose and implement a defense solution with negligible performance overhead.
Privacy has become an issue of paramount importance for many users. As a result, encryption tools such as True Crypt, OS-based full-disk encryption such as File Vault, and privacy modes in all modern browsers have become popular. However, although such tools are useful, they are not perfect. For example, prior work has shown that browsers still leave many traces of user information on disk even if they are started in private browsing mode. In addition, disk encryption alone is not sufficient, as key disclosure through coercion remains possible. Clearly, it would be useful and highly desirable to have OS-level support that provides strong privacy guarantees for any application -- not only browsers. In this paper, we present the design and implementation of PrivExec, the first operating system service for private execution. PrivExec provides strong, general guarantees of private execution, allowing any application to execute in a mode where storage writes, either to the filesystem or to swap, will not be recoverable by others during or after execution. PrivExec does not require explicit application support, recompilation, or any other preconditions. We have implemented a prototype of PrivExec by extending the Linux kernel that is performant, practical, and that secures sensitive data against disclosure.
We consider interactive, proof-based verifiable computation: how can a client machine specify a computation to a server, receive an answer, and then engage the server in an interactive protocol that convinces the client that the answer is correct, with less work for the client than executing the computation in the first place? Complexity theory and cryptography offer solutions in principle, but if implemented naively, they are ludicrously expensive. Recently, however, several strands of work have refined this theory and implemented the resulting protocols in actual systems. This work is promising but suffers from one of two problems: either it relies on expensive cryptography, or else it applies to a restricted class of computations. Worse, it is not always clear which protocol will perform better for a given problem.We describe a system that (a) extends optimized refinements of the non-cryptographic protocols to a much broader class of computations, (b) uses static analysis to fail over to the cryptographic ones when the non-cryptographic ones would be more expensive, and (c) incorporates this core into a built system that includes a compiler for a high-level language, a distributed server, and GPU acceleration. Experimental results indicate that our system performs better and applies more widely than the best in the literature.
To instill greater confidence in computations outsourced to the cloud, clients should be able to verify the correctness of the results returned. To this end, we introduce Pinocchio, a built system for efficiently verifying general computations while relying only on cryptographic assumptions. With Pinocchio, the client creates a public evaluation key to describe her computation; this setup is proportional to evaluating the computation once. The worker then evaluates the computation on a particular input and uses the evaluation key to produce a proof of correctness. The proof is only 288 bytes, regardless of the computation performed or the size of the inputs and outputs. Anyone can use a public verification key to check the proof. Crucially, our evaluation on seven applications demonstrates that Pinocchio is efficient in practice too. Pinocchio's verification time is typically 10ms: 5-7 orders of magnitude less than previous work; indeed Pinocchio is the first general-purpose system to demonstrate verification cheaper than native execution (for some apps). Pinocchio also reduces the worker's proof effort by an additional 19-60x. As an additional feature, Pinocchio generalizes to zero-knowledge proofs at a negligible cost over the base protocol. Finally, to aid development, Pinocchio provides an end-to-end toolchain that compiles a subset of C into programs that implement the verifiable computation protocol.
We design and build ObliviStore, a high performance, distributed ORAM-based cloud data store secure in the malicious model. To the best of our knowledge, ObliviStore is the fastest ORAM implementation known to date, and is faster by 10X or more in comparison with the best known ORAM implementation. ObliviStore achieves high throughput by making I/O operations asynchronous. Asynchrony introduces security challenges, i.e., we must prevent information leakage not only through access patterns, but also through timing of I/O events. We propose various practical optimizations which are key to achieving high performance, as well as techniques for a data center to dynamically scale up a distributed ORAM. We show that with 11 trusted machines (each with a modern CPU), and 20 Solid State Drives, ObliviStore achieves a throughput of 31.5MB/s with a block size of 4KB.
This paper introduces a novel information hiding technique for Flash memory. The method hides data within an analog characteristic of Flash, the program time of individual bits. Because the technique uses analog behaviors, normal Flash memory operations are not affected and hidden information is invisible in the data stored in the memory. Even if an attacker checks a Flash chip's analog characteristics, experimental results indicate that the hidden information is difficult to distinguish from inherent manufacturing variation or normal wear on the device. Moreover, the hidden data can survive erasure of the Flash memory data, and the technique can be used on current Flash chips without hardware changes.
In recent years, PUF-based schemes have not only been suggested for the basic security tasks of tamper sensitive key storage or system identification, but also for more complex cryptographic protocols like oblivious transfer (OT), bit commitment (BC), or key exchange (KE). In these works, so-called "Strong PUFs" are regarded as a new, fundamental cryptographic primitive of their own, comparable to the bounded storage model, quantum cryptography, or noisebased cryptography. This paper continues this line of research, investigating the correct adversarial attack model and the actual security of such protocols. In its first part, we define and compare different attack models. They reach from a clean, first setting termed the "stand-alone, good PUF model" to stronger scenarios like the "bad PUF model" and the "PUF re-use model". We argue why these attack models are realistic, and that existing protocols would be faced with them if used in practice. In the second part, we execute exemplary security analyses of existing schemes in the new attack models. The evaluated protocols include recent schemes from Brzuska et al. published at Crypto 2011 [1] and from Ostrovsky et al. [18]. While a number of protocols are certainly secure in their own, original attack models, the security of none of the considered protocols for OT, BC, or KE is maintained in all of the new, realistic scenarios. One consequence of our work is that the design of advanced cryptographic PUF protocols needs to be strongly reconsidered. Furthermore, it suggests that Strong PUFs require additional hardware properties in order to be broadly usable in such protocols: Firstly, they should ideally be "erasable", meaning that single PUF-responses can be erased without affecting other responses. If the area efficient implementation of this feature turns out to be difficult, new forms of Controlled PUFs [8] (such as Logically Erasable and Logically Reconfigurable PUFs [13]) may suffice in certain applications. Secondly, PUFs should be "certifiable", meaning that one can verify that the PUF has been produced faithfully and has not been manipulated in any way afterwards. The combined implementation of these features represents a pressing and challenging problem, which we pose to the PUF hardware community in this work.
Secure data deletion is the task of deleting data irrecoverably from a physical medium. In the digital world, data is not securely deleted by default; instead, many approaches add secure deletion to existing physical medium interfaces. Interfaces to the physical medium exist at different layers, such as user-level applications, the file system, the device driver, etc. Depending on which interface is used, the properties of an approach can differ significantly. In this paper, we survey the related work in detail and organize existing approaches in terms of their interfaces to physical media. We further present a taxonomy of adversaries differing in their capabilities as well as a systematization for the characteristics of secure deletion approaches. Characteristics include environmental assumptions, such as how the interface's use affects the physical medium, as well as behavioural properties of the approach such as the deletion latency and physical wear. We perform experiments to test a selection of approaches on a variety of file systems and analyze the assumptions made in practice.
We present the design, security proof, and implementation of an anonymous subscription service. Users register for the service by providing some form of identity, which might or might not be linked to a real-world identity such as a credit card, a web login, or a public key. A user logs on to the system by presenting a credential derived from information received at registration. Each credential allows only a single login in any authentication window, or epoch. Logins are anonymous in the sense that the service cannot distinguish which user is logging in any better than random guessing. This implies unlinkability of a user across different logins. We find that a central tension in an anonymous subscription service is the service provider's desire for a long epoch (to reduce server-side computation) versus users' desire for a short epoch (so they can repeatedly "re-anonymize" their sessions). We balance this tension by having short epochs, but adding an efficient operation for clients who do not need unlinkability to cheaply re-authenticate themselves for the next time period. We measure performance of a research prototype of our protocol that allows an independent service to offer anonymous access to existing services. We implement a music service, an Android-based subway-pass application, and a web proxy, and show that adding anonymity adds minimal client latency and only requires 33 KB of server memory per active user.
Ridge regression is an algorithm that takes as input a large number of data points and finds the best-fit linear curve through these points. The algorithm is a building block for many machine-learning operations. We present a system for privacy-preserving ridge regression. The system outputs the best-fit curve in the clear, but exposes no other information about the input data. Our approach combines both homomorphic encryption and Yao garbled circuits, where each is used in a different part of the algorithm to obtain the best performance. We implement the complete system and experiment with it on real data-sets, and show that it significantly outperforms pure implementations based only on homomorphic encryption or Yao circuits.
Perceptual, "context-aware" applications that observe their environment and interact with users via cameras and other sensors are becoming ubiquitous on personal computers, mobile phones, gaming platforms, household robots, and augmented-reality devices. This raises new privacy risks. We describe the design and implementation of DARKLY, a practical privacy protection system for the increasingly common scenario where an untrusted, third-party perceptual application is running on a trusted device. DARKLY is integrated with OpenCV, a popular computer vision library used by such applications to access visual inputs. It deploys multiple privacy protection mechanisms, including access control, algorithmic privacy transforms, and user audit. We evaluate DARKLY on 20 perceptual applications that perform diverse tasks such as image recognition, object tracking, security surveillance, and face detection. These applications run on DARKLY unmodified or with very few modifications and minimal performance overheads vs. native OpenCV. In most cases, privacy enforcement does not reduce the applications' functionality or accuracy. For the rest, we quantify the tradeoff between privacy and utility and demonstrate that utility remains acceptable even with strong privacy protection.
The balance between coercion-resistance, election verifiability and usability remains unresolved in remote electronic voting despite significant research over the last few years. We propose a change of perspective, replacing the requirement of coercion-resistance with a new requirement of coercion-evidence: there should be public evidence of the amount of coercion that has taken place during a particular execution of the voting system. We provide a formal definition of coercion-evidence that has two parts. Firstly, there should be a coercion-evidence test that can be performed against the bulletin board to accurately determine the degree of coercion that has taken place in any given run. Secondly, we require coercer independence, that is the ability of the voter to follow the protocol without being detected by the coercer. To show how coercion-evidence can be achieved, we propose a new remote voting scheme, Caveat Coercitor, and we prove that it satisfies coercion-evidence. Moreover, Caveat Coercitor makes weaker trust assumptions than other remote voting systems, such as JCJ/Civitas and Helios, and has better usability properties.
Sybil attacks in which an adversary forges a potentially unbounded number of identities are a danger to distributed systems and online social networks. The goal of sybil defense is to accurately identify sybil identities. This paper surveys the evolution of sybil defense protocols that leverage the structural properties of the social graph underlying a distributed system to identify sybil identities. We make two main contributions. First, we clarify the deep connection between sybil defense and the theory of random walks. This leads us to identify a community detection algorithm that, for the first time, offers provable guarantees in the context of sybil defense. Second, we advocate a new goal for sybil defense that addresses the more limited, but practically useful, goal of securely white-listing a local region of the graph.
Bitcoin is the first e-cash system to see widespread adoption. While Bitcoin offers the potential for new types of financial interaction, it has significant limitations regarding privacy. Specifically, because the Bitcoin transaction log is completely public, users' privacy is protected only through the use of pseudonyms. In this paper we propose Zerocoin, a cryptographic extension to Bitcoin that augments the protocol to allow for fully anonymous currency transactions. Our system uses standard cryptographic assumptions and does not introduce new trusted parties or otherwise change the security model of Bitcoin. We detail Zerocoin's cryptographic construction, its integration into Bitcoin, and examine its performance both in terms of computation and impact on the Bitcoin protocol.
In contrast to testing, mathematical reasoning and formal verification can show the absence of whole classes of security vulnerabilities. We present the, to our knowledge, first complete, formal, machine-checked verification of information flow security for the implementation of a general-purpose microkernel; namely seL4. Unlike previous proofs of information flow security for operating system kernels, ours applies to the actual 8, 830 lines of C code that implement seL4, and so rules out the possibility of invalidation by implementation errors in this code. We assume correctness of compiler, assembly code, hardware, and boot code. We prove everything else. This proof is strong evidence of seL4's utility as a separation kernel, and describes precisely how the general purpose kernel should be configured to enforce isolation and mandatory information flow control. We describe the information flow security statement we proved (a variant of intransitive noninterference), including the assumptions on which it rests, as well as the modifications that had to be made to seL4 to ensure it was enforced. We discuss the practical limitations and implications of this result, including covert channels not covered by the formal proof.
We present the design, implementation, and verification of XMHF- an eXtensible and Modular Hypervisor Framework. XMHF is designed to achieve three goals -- modular extensibility, automated verification, and high performance. XMHF includes a core that provides functionality common to many hypervisor-based security architectures and supports extensions that augment the core with additional security or functional properties while preserving the fundamental hypervisor security property of memory integrity (i.e., ensuring that the hypervisor's memory is not modified by software running at a lower privilege level). We verify the memory integrity of the XMHF core -- 6018 lines of code -- using a combination of automated and manual techniques. The model checker CBMC automatically verifies 5208 lines of C code in about 80 seconds using less than 2GB of RAM. We manually audit the remaining 422 lines of C code and 388 lines of assembly language code that are stable and unlikely to change as development proceeds. Our experiments indicate that XMHF's performance is comparable to popular high-performance general-purpose hypervisors for the single guest that it supports.
TLS is possibly the most used protocol for secure communications, with a 18-year history of flaws and fixes, ranging from its protocol logic to its cryptographic design, and from the Internet standard to its diverse implementations. We develop a verified reference implementation of TLS 1.2. Our code fully supports its wire formats, ciphersuites, sessions and connections, re-handshakes and resumptions, alerts and errors, and data fragmentation, as prescribed in the RFCs; it interoperates with mainstream web browsers and servers. At the same time, our code is carefully structured to enable its modular, automated verification, from its main API down to computational assumptions on its cryptographic algorithms. Our implementation is written in F# and specified in F7. We present security specifications for its main components, such as authenticated stream encryption for the record layer and key establishment for the handshake. We describe their verification using the F7 typechecker. To this end, we equip each cryptographic primitive and construction of TLS with a new typed interface that captures its security properties, and we gradually replace concrete implementations with ideal functionalities. We finally typecheck the protocol state machine, and obtain precise security theorems for TLS, as it is implemented and deployed. We also revisit classic attacks and report a few new ones.
Order-preserving encryption - an encryption scheme where the sort order of ciphertexts matches the sort order of the corresponding plaintexts - allows databases and other applications to process queries involving order over encrypted data efficiently. The ideal security guarantee for order-preserving encryption put forth in the literature is for the ciphertexts to reveal no information about the plaintexts besides order. Even though more than a dozen schemes were proposed, all these schemes leak more information than order. This paper presents the first order-preserving scheme that achieves ideal security. Our main technique is mutable ciphertexts, meaning that over time, the ciphertexts for a small number of plaintext values change, and we prove that mutable ciphertexts are needed for ideal security. Our resulting protocol is interactive, with a small number of interactions. We implemented our scheme and evaluated it on microbenchmarks and in the context of an encrypted MySQL database application. We show that in addition to providing ideal security, our scheme achieves 1 - 2 orders of magnitude higher performance than the state-of-the-art order-preserving encryption scheme, which is less secure than our scheme.
We advocate schemes based on fixed-key AES as the best route to highly efficient circuit-garbling. We provide such schemes making only one AES call per garbled-gate evaluation. On the theoretical side, we justify the security of these methods in the random-permutation model, where parties have access to a public random permutation. On the practical side, we provide the Just Garble system, which implements our schemes. Just Garble evaluates moderate-sized garbled-circuits at an amortized cost of 23.2 cycles per gate (7.25 nsec), far faster than any prior reported results.
Several techniques in computer security, including generic protocols for secure computation and symbolic execution, depend on implementing algorithms in static circuits. Despite substantial improvements in recent years, tools built using these techniques remain too slow for most practical uses. They require transforming arbitrary programs into either Boolean logic circuits, constraint sets on Boolean variables, or other equivalent representations, and the costs of using these tools scale directly with the size of the input circuit. Hence, techniques for more efficient circuit constructions have benefits across these tools. We show efficient circuit constructions for various simple but commonly used data structures including stacks, queues, and associative maps. While current practice requires effectively copying the entire structure for each operation, our techniques take advantage of locality and batching to provide amortized costs that scale polylogarithmically in the size of the structure. We demonstrate how many common array usage patterns can be significantly improved with the help of these circuit structures. We report on experiments using our circuit structures for both generic secure computation using garbled circuits and automated test input generation using symbolic execution, and demonstrate order of magnitude improvements for both applications.
Internet users today depend daily on HTTPS for secure communication with sites they intend to visit. Over the years, many attacks on HTTPS and the certificate trust model it uses have been hypothesized, executed, and/or evolved. Meanwhile the number of browser-trusted (and thus, de facto, user-trusted) certificate authorities has proliferated, while the due diligence in baseline certificate issuance has declined. We survey and categorize prominent security issues with HTTPS and provide a systematic treatment of the history and on-going challenges, intending to provide context for future directions. We also provide a comparative evaluation of current proposals for enhancing the certificate infrastructure used in practice.
The Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol aims to provide confidentiality and integrity of data in transit across untrusted networks. TLS has become the de facto secure protocol of choice for Internet and mobile applications. DTLS is a variant of TLS that is growing in importance. In this paper, we present distinguishing and plaintext recovery attacks against TLS and DTLS. The attacks are based on a delicate timing analysis of decryption processing in the two protocols. We include experimental results demonstrating the feasibility of the attacks in realistic network environments for several different implementations of TLS and DTLS, including the leading OpenSSL implementations. We provide countermeasures for the attacks. Finally, we discuss the wider implications of our attacks for the cryptographic design used by TLS and DTLS.
The web has become an essential part of our society and is currently the main medium of information delivery. Billions of users browse the web on a daily basis, and there are single websites that have reached over one billion user accounts. In this environment, the ability to track users and their online habits can be very lucrative for advertising companies, yet very intrusive for the privacy of users. In this paper, we examine how web-based device fingerprinting currently works on the Internet. By analyzing the code of three popular browser-fingerprinting code providers, we reveal the techniques that allow websites to track users without the need of client-side identifiers. Among these techniques, we show how current commercial fingerprinting approaches use questionable practices, such as the circumvention of HTTP proxies to discover a user's real IP address and the installation of intrusive browser plugins. At the same time, we show how fragile the browser ecosystem is against fingerprinting through the use of novel browser-identifying techniques. With so many different vendors involved in browser development, we demonstrate how one can use diversions in the browsers' implementation to distinguish successfully not only the browser-family, but also specific major and minor versions. Browser extensions that help users spoof the user-agent of their browsers are also evaluated. We show that current commercial approaches can bypass the extensions, and, in addition, take advantage of their shortcomings by using them as additional fingerprinting features.
Control Flow Integrity (CFI) provides a strong protection against modern control-flow hijacking attacks. However, performance and compatibility issues limit its adoption. We propose a new practical and realistic protection method called CCFIR (Compact Control Flow Integrity and Randomization), which addresses the main barriers to CFI adoption. CCFIR collects all legal targets of indirect control-transfer instructions, puts them into a dedicated "Springboard section" in a random order, and then limits indirect transfers to flow only to them. Using the Springboard section for targets, CCFIR can validate a target more simply and faster than traditional CFI, and provide support for on-site target-randomization as well as better compatibility. Based on these approaches, CCFIR can stop control-flow hijacking attacks including ROP and return-into-libc. Results show that ROP gadgets are all eliminated. We observe that with the wide deployment of ASLR, Windows/x86 PE executables contain enough information in relocation tables which CCFIR can use to find all legal instructions and jump targets reliably, without source code or symbol information. We evaluate our prototype implementation on common web browsers and the SPEC CPU2000 suite: CCFIR protects large applications such as GCC and Firefox completely automatically, and has low performance overhead of about 3.6%/8.6% (average/max) using SPECint2000. Experiments on real-world exploits also show that CCFIR-hardened versions of IE6, Firefox 3.6 and other applications are protected effectively.
Fine-grained address space layout randomization (ASLR) has recently been proposed as a method of efficiently mitigating runtime attacks. In this paper, we introduce the design and implementation of a framework based on a novel attack strategy, dubbed just-in-time code reuse, that undermines the benefits of fine-grained ASLR. Specifically, we derail the assumptions embodied in fine-grained ASLR by exploiting the ability to repeatedly abuse a memory disclosure to map an application's memory layout on-the-fly, dynamically discover API functions and gadgets, and JIT-compile a target program using those gadgets -- all within a script environment at the time an exploit is launched. We demonstrate the power of our framework by using it in conjunction with a real-world exploit against Internet Explorer, and also provide extensive evaluations that demonstrate the practicality of just-in-time code reuse attacks. Our findings suggest that fine-grained ASLR may not be as promising as first thought.
We present three techniques for extracting entropy during boot on embedded devices. Our first technique times the execution of code blocks early in the Linux kernel boot process. It is simple to implement and has a negligible runtime overhead, but, on many of the devices we test, gathers hundreds of bits of entropy. Our second and third techniques, which run in the bootloader, use hardware features - DRAM decay behavior and PLL locking latency, respectively -- and are therefore less portable and less generally applicable, but their behavior is easier to explain based on physically unpredictable processes. We implement and measure the effectiveness of our techniques on ARM-, MIPS-, and AVR32-based systems-on-a-chip from a variety of vendors.
Accountability is a requirement to be included in the initial design phase of systems because of its strong impact on log architecture implementation. As an illustration, the logs we examine here record actions by data controllers handling personally identifiable information to deliver services to data subjects. The structures of those logs seldom consider requirements for accountability, preventing effective dispute resolution. We address the question of what information should be included in logs to make their a posteriori compliance analysis meaningful. Real-world scenarios are used to show that decisions about log architecture are nontrivial and should be made from the design stage on. Four categories of situations for which straightforward solutions are problematic are presented. Our contribution shows how log content choices and accountability definitions mutually affect each other and incites service providers to rethink up to what extent they can be held responsible. These different aspects are synthesized into key guidelines to avoid common pitfalls in accountable log design. This analysis is based on case studies performed on our implementation of the PPL policy language.
Usage control enforcement is currently voluntary, due to a number of technical difficulties that cannot be addressed by means of purely cryptographic techniques. So, it is commonly argued that purely technical measures should be complemented by surveillance activities and sanctions prescribed by law. The effectiveness of such measures can-and should- be formally analyzed through game theoretic techniques. This paper introduces a framework that integrates both cryptographic techniques and a market model. We provide a first formal analysis of a simplified instance of the framework; it illustrates the integrated methodology and its potential applications, and raises some warnings about the effectiveness of naive approaches.
These days, sensitive and personal information is used within a wide range of applications. The exchange of this information is increasingly faster and more and more unpredictable. Hence, the person concerned cannot determine what happens with his personal data after it has been released. It is highly intransparent who is accountable for data misuse. Usage control and provenance tracking are two different approaches to tackle this problem. This work compares the two concepts from a data protection perspective. The support and fulfillment of data protection requirements are analysed. Models and architectures are investigated for commonalities. Combining the two technologies can increase flexibility and effectiveness of provenance tracking and thereby enhance information accountability in practice, if resulting linkability drawbacks are properly handled. A joint architecture is proposed to support this insight.
Nowadays, an ever-increasing number of service providers takes advantage of the cloud computing paradigm in order to efficiently offer services to private users, businesses, and governments. However, while cloud computing allows to transparently scale back-end functionality such as computing and storage, the implied distributed sharing of resources has severe implications when sensitive or otherwise privacy-relevant data is concerned. These privacy implications primarily stem from the in-transparency of the involved backend providers of a cloud-based service and their dedicated data handling processes. Likewise, back-end providers cannot determine the sensitivity of data that is stored or processed in the cloud. Hence, they have no means to obey the underlying privacy regulations and contracts automatically. As the cloud computing paradigm further evolves towards federated cloud environments, the envisioned integration of different cloud platforms adds yet another layer to the existing in-transparencies. In this paper, we discuss initial ideas on how to overcome these existing and dawning data handling in-transparencies and the accompanying privacy concerns. To this end, we propose to annotate data with sensitivity information as it leaves the control boundaries of the data owner and travels through to the cloud environment. This allows to signal privacy properties across the layers of the cloud computing architecture and enables the different stakeholders to react accordingly.
A framework for maintaining security & preserving privacy for analysis of sensor data from smart homes, without compromising on data utility is presented. Storing the personally identifiable data as hashed values withholds identifiable information from any computing nodes. However the very nature of smart home data analytics is establishing preventive care. Data processing results should be identifiable to certain users responsible for direct care. Through a separate encrypted identifier dictionary with hashed and actual values of all unique sets of identifiers, we suggest re-identification of any data processing results. However the level of re-identification needs to be controlled, depending on the type of user accessing the results. Generalization and suppression on identifiers from the identifier dictionary before re-introduction could achieve different levels of privacy preservation. In this paper we propose an approach to achieve data security & privacy through out the complete data lifecycle: data generation/collection, transfer, storage, processing and sharing.
Inference control is a modern topic in data usage management, especially in the context of data-centric business models. However, it is generally not well understood how protection mechanisms could be designed to protect the users. The contributions of this paper are threefold: firstly, it describes the inference problem and relate it to protection mechanisms; secondly, it reports on a simple mechanism to provide a-priori inference protection; thirdly, it discusses on the drawbacks of such a mechanism, as well as on the acceptance it had on a preliminary, controlled field study. In particular, the study shows that, contrary to our expectations, participants prefer an a-posteriori approach based upon audits to detect whether inferences happened.
Previous provenance models have assumed that there is complete certainty in the provenance relationships. But what if this assumption does not hold? In this work, emaiwe propose a probabilistic provenance graph (PPG) model to characterize scenarios where provenance relationships are uncertain. We describe two motivating examples. The first example demonstrates the uncertainty associated with the provenance of an email. The second example demonstrates and characterizes the uncertainty associated with the provenance of statements in documents.
In most data control scenarios there is the opportunity for oversight by those who, while perhaps not directly involved in the creation of the data, understand the intended usage of the data. We argue that due to the proliferation of online data and our aging population, data owners will increasingly face requests for data access and usage when such oversight is not present because the original data owner/creator is unavailable (e.g. because of death or incapacitation). We outline the technical and user experience challenges in supporting this data usage scenario, focusing on the online service setting, and highlight some emerging research problems.
Malicious insiders pose significant threats to information security, and yet the capability of detecting malicious insiders is very limited. Insider threat detection is known to be a difficult problem, presenting many research challenges. In this paper we report our effort on detecting malicious insiders from large amounts of work practice data. We propose novel approaches to detect two types of insider activities: (1) blendin anomalies, where malicious insiders try to behave similar to a group they do not belong to, and (2) unusual change anomalies, where malicious insiders exhibit changes in their behavior that are dissimilar to their peers' behavioral changes. Our first contribution focuses on detecting blend-in malicious insiders. We propose a novel approach by examining various activity domains, and detecting behavioral inconsistencies across these domains. Our second contribution is a method for detecting insiders with unusual changes in behavior. The key strength of this proposed approach is that it avoids flagging common changes that can be mistakenly detected by typical temporal anomaly detection mechanisms. Our third contribution is a method that combines anomaly indicators from multiple sources of information.
We propose a machine learning-based method for biometric identification of user behavior, for the purpose of masquerade and insider threat detection. We designed a sensor that captures system-level events such as process creation, registry key changes, and file system actions. These measurements are used to represent a user's unique behavior profile, and are refined through the process of Fisher feature selection to optimize their discriminative significance. Finally, a Gaussian mixture model is trained for each user using these features. We show that this system achieves promising results for user behavior modeling and identification, and surpasses previous works in this area.
This paper reports the first set of results from a comprehensive set of experiments to detect realistic insider threat instances in a real corporate database of computer usage activity. It focuses on the application of domain knowledge to provide starting points for further analysis. Domain knowledge is applied (1) to select appropriate features for use by structural anomaly detection algorithms, (2) to identify features indicative of activity known to be associated with insider threat, and (3) to model known or suspected instances of insider threat scenarios. We also introduce a visual language for specifying anomalies across different types of data, entities, baseline populations, and temporal ranges. Preliminary results of our experiments on two months of live data suggest that these methods are promising, with several experiments providing area under the curve scores close to 1.0 and lifts ranging from 20 to 30 over random.
Trusted insiders that betray an organization can inflict substantial harm. In addition to having privileged access to organization resources and information, these users may be familiar with the defenses surrounding valuable assets. Computers systems at the organization need a mechanism for communicating suspicious activity that is difficult for a malicious insider (or even an outsider) to detect or block. In this work, we propose a covert channel in the Ethernet frame that allows a computer system to report activity inside other, unrelated network communication. The covert channel leverages the differences in the framing approaches used by Ethernet and IP packets to append hidden information to IP packet and transmit it to an organization's administrator. This stealthy communication is difficult for even advanced attackers and is challenging to block since it opportunistically uses unrelated communication. Further, since the transmission is tied to the Ethernet frame, the communication cannot traverse network routers, preventing security information from leaving the organization. We introduce the covert channel, incorporate it into a working prototype, and combine it with an intrusion detection system to show its promise for security event reporting.
Authentication using centralized methods is a primary trust mechanism within most large-scale, enterprise computer networks. This paper proposes using graphs to represent user authentication activity within the network. Using this mechanism over a real enterprise network dataset, we find that non-privileged users and users with system administration privileges have distinguishable graph attributes in terms of size and complexity. In addition, we find that user authentication graphs provide intuitive insights into network user behavior. We believe that understanding these differences in even greater detail will lead to improved user behavior profiling and the elusive detection of authentication credential misuse.
Insider threats are a major threat to many organisations. Even worse, insider attacks are usually hard to detect, especially if an attack is based on actions that the attacker has the right to perform. In this paper we present a step towards detecting the risk for this kind of attacks by invalidating policies using structural information of the organisational model. Based on this structural information and a description of the organisation's policies, our approach invalidates the policies and identifies exemplary sequences of actions that lead to a violation of the policy in question. Based on these examples, the organisation can identify real attack vectors that might result in an insider attack. This information can be used to refine access control system or policies.
This paper introduces a Bayesian network model for the motivation and psychology of the malicious insider. First, an initial model was developed based on results in the research literature, highlighting critical variables for the prediction of degree of interest in a potentially malicious insider. Second, a survey was conducted to measure these predictive variables in a common sample of normal participants. Third, a structural equation model was constructed based on the original model, updated based on a split-half sample of the empirical survey data and validated against the other half of the dataset. Fourth, the Bayesian network was adjusted in light of the results of the empirical analysis. Fifth, the updated model was used to develop an upper bound on the quality of model predictions of its own simulated data. When empirical data regarding psychological predictors were input to the model, predictions of counterproductive behavior approached the upper bound of model predictiveness.
The insider threat is a prime security concern for government and industry organizations. As insider threat programs come into operational practice, there is a continuing need to assess the effectiveness of tools, methods, and data sources, which enables continual process improvement. This is particularly challenging in operational environments, where the actual number of malicious insiders in a study sample is not known. The present paper addresses the design of evaluation strategies and associated measures of effectiveness; several quantitative/statistical significance test approaches are described with examples, and a new measure, the Enrichment Ratio, is proposed and described as a means of assessing the impact of proposed tools on the organization's operations.
The threat of malicious insider activity continues to be of paramount concern in both the public and private sectors. Though there is great interest in advancing the state of the art in predicting and stopping these threats, the difficulty of obtaining suitable data for research, development, and testing remains a significant hinderance. We outline the use of synthetic data to enable progress in one research program, while discussing the benefits and limitations of synthetic insider threat data, the meaning of realism in this context, as well as future research directions.
In this paper we study the randomness of some random numbers found in real-life smart card products. We have studied a number of symmetric keys, codes and random nonces in the most prominent contactless smart cards used in buildings, small payments and public transportation used by hundreds of millions of people every day. Furthermore we investigate a number of technical questions in order to see to what extent the vulnerabilities we have discovered could be exploited by criminals. In particular we look at the case MiFare Classic cards, of which some two hundred million are still in use worldwide. We have examined some 50 real-life cards from different countries to discover that it is not entirely clear if what was previously written about this topic is entirely correct. These facts are highly relevant to the practical feasibility of card cloning in order to enter some buildings, make small purchases or in public transportation in many countries. We also show examples of serious security issues due to poor entropy with another very popular contactless smart card used in many buildings worldwide.
The manual forensics investigation of security incidents is an opaque process that involves the collection and correlation of diverse evidence. In this work we conduct a complex experiment to expand our understanding of forensics analysis processes. During a period of four weeks we systematically investigated 200 detected security incidents about compromised hosts within a large operational network. We used data from four commonly-used security sources, namely Snort alerts, reconnaissance and vulnerability scanners, blacklists, and a search engine, to manually investigate these incidents. Based on our experiment, we first evaluate the (complementary) utility of the four security data sources and surprisingly find that the search engine provided useful evidence for diagnosing many more incidents than more traditional security sources, i.e., blacklists, reconnaissance and vulnerability reports. Based on our validation, we then identify and make available a list of 138 good Snort signatures, i.e., signatures that were effective in identifying validated malware without producing false positives. In addition, we compare the characteristics of good and regular signatures and highlight a number of differences. For example, we observe that good signatures check on average 2.14 times more bytes and 2.3 times more fields than regular signatures. Our analysis of Snort signatures is essential not only for configuring Snort, but also for establishing best practices and for teaching how to write new IDS signatures.
Forensic analysis of a suspect program is a daily challenge encounters forensic analysts and law-enforcement. It requires determining the behavior of a suspect program found in a computer system subject to investigation and attempting to reconstruct actions that have been invoked in the system. In this research paper, a forensic analysis approach for suspect programs in an executable binary form is introduced. The proposed approach aims to reconstruct high level forensic actions and approximate action arguments from low level machine instructions; That is, reconstructed actions will assist in forensic inferences of evidence and traces caused by an action invocation in a system subject to forensics investigation.
Offline, crime and resulting victimization is not individual incidence. It is also hampered or encouraged by the community in which it is situated. Are community characteristics relevant for victimization online? This paper examines the prevalence of Craigslist-based (automobile) scams across 30 American cities. Our methodology analyses historical scam data and its relationship with economic, structural, and cultural characteristics of the communities that are exposed to fraudulent advertising. We find that Craigslist scams are not random, but targeted towards specific communities. The resulting policy insight is for creating public awareness campaigns addressing educated white males, as they are the most vulnerable.
This paper presents an evaluation of two promising schemes for tracing cyber-attacks, the well-known Deterministic Packet Marking, DPM, and a novel marking scheme for IP traceback, Deterministic Flow Marking, DFM. First of all we explore the DPM in detail and then by investigating the DFM, we analyze the pros and cons of both approaches in depth in terms of practicality and feasibility, so that shortcomings of each scheme are highlighted. This evaluation is based on CAIDA Internet traces October 2012 dataset. The results show that using DFM may reduce as many as 90% of marked packets on average required for tracing attacks with no false positives, while it eliminates the spoofed marking embedded by the attacker as well as compromised routers in the attack path. Moreover, unlike DPM that traces the attack up to the ingress interface of the edge router close to the attacker, DFM allows the victim to trace the origin of incorrect or spoofed source addresses up to the attacker node, even if the attack has been originated from a network behind a network address translation (NAT), firewall, or a proxy server.
The Internet is an essential tool for everyday tasks. Aside from common usage, users desire the option to browse the Internet in a private manner. This can create a problem when private Internet sessions become hidden from computer investigators in need of evidence. Our primary focus in this research is to discover residual artifacts from private and portable browsing sessions. In addition, the artifacts must contain more than just file fragments and enough to establish an affirmative link between user and session. Certain aspects of this topic have triggered many questions, but there have not been enough authoritative answers to follow. As a result, we propose a new methodology for analyzing private and portable web browsing artifacts. Furthermore, our research will serve to be a significant resource for law enforcement, computer forensic investigators, and the digital forensics research community.
Nigerian scam is a popular form of fraud in which the fraudster tricks the victim into paying a certain amount of money under the promise of a future, larger payoff. Using a public dataset, in this paper we study how these forms of scam campaigns are organized and evolve over time. In particular, we discuss the role of phone numbers as important identifiers to group messages together and depict the way scammers operate their campaigns. In fact, since the victim has to be able to contact the criminal, both email addresses and phone numbers need to be authentic and they are often unchanged and re-used for a long period of time. We also present in details several examples of Nigerian scam campaigns, some of which last for several years - representing them in a graphical way and discussing their characteristics.
The paper proposes StegTorrent a new network steganographic method for the popular P2P file transfer service-BitTorrent. It is based on modifying the order of data packets in the peer-peer data exchange protocol. Unlike other existing steganographic methods that modify the packets' order it does not require any synchronization. Experimental results acquired from prototype implementation proved that it provides high steganographic bandwidth of up to 270 b/s while introducing little transmission distortion and providing difficult detectability.
This paper presents a proposal of covert steganographic channels in high-speed IEEE 802.11n networks. The method is based on the modification of cyclic prefixes in OFDM (Orthogonal Frequency-Division Multiplexing) symbols. This proposal provides the highest hidden transmission known in the state of the art. This paper includes theoretical analysis and simulation results of the presented steganographic system performance. The simulation performance was compared with other known approaches in the literature.
Cybercrime is notoriously maintained and empowered by the underground economy, manifested in black markets. In such markets, attack tools and vulnerability exploits are constantly traded. In this paper, we focus on making a quantitative assessment of the risk of attacks coming from such markets, and investigating the expected reduction in overall attacks against final users if, for example, vulnerabilities traded in the black markets were all to be promptly patched. In order to conduct the analysis, we mainly use the data on (a) vulnerabilities bundled in 90+ attack tools traded in the black markets collected by us; (b) actual records of 9  107 attacks collected from Symantec's Data Sharing Programme WINE. Our results illustrate that black market vulnerabilities are an important source of risk for the population of users; we further show that vulnerability mitigation strategies based on black markets monitoring may outperform traditional strategies based on vulnerability CVSS scores by providing up to 20% more expected reduction in attacks.
Most cell phones use a password, PIN, or visual pattern to secure the phone. With these types of security methods being used, there is much vulnerability. Another alternative is biometric authentication. Biometric security systems have been researched for many years. Some mobile manufacturers have implemented fingerprint scanners into their phones, such as the old Fujitsu F505i [7] and the current Motorola Atrix. Since theft of cell phones is becoming more common every day, there is a real need for a security system that not only protects the data, but the phone itself. It is proposed through this research that a biometric security system be the alternative to knowledge-based and password-based authentication. Furthermore, a device dongle must be implemented into this infrastructure to establish a reliable security system that deters theft for the majority; biometrics alone is not sufficient. Cell phones need power and must be charged almost daily. A biometric phone charger that acts as a dongle with a solid state relay, will be presented as a viable solution to theft in this research. Additionally, it will be shown through the results of this research that a system dependant only on biometrics is unreliable and unsecure. Essentially, a mobile security system that combines biometrics with dongle technology is believed to be the ideal solution for limiting the black market of stolen cell phones; without the biometric charger/dongle, the stolen cell phone would be rendered useless.
