We systematically explore the widely held, anecdotal belief that mismanaged networks are responsible for a wide range of security incidents. Utilizing Internet-scale measurements and global feeds of malicious activities, we show a statistically significant correlation between mismanaged networks and networks that are responsible for malicious behavior on the Internet.
Decoy routing systems circumvent censorship by relying on cooperating ISPs in the middle of the Internet.  A recent study suggested that censors can defeat decoy routing by manipulating interdomain routes. We analyze the costs of launching this attack and quantify its negative impact on the networks in the censoring region.
In this work, we show two attacks on cellular data accounting systems where a user is either overcharged with spurious TCP retransmission or uses the service for free via TCP tunneling. We propose Abacus, an accurate accounting system that detects TCP tunneling attacks even in the 10 Gbps networks.
CyberProbe implements a novel active probing approach for detecting malicious servers and compromised hosts that listen for network requests. It sends probes to remote hosts and examines their responses, determining whether they are malicious. CyberProbe has identified 151 malicious servers and 7,881 P2P bots through 24 localized and Internet-wide scans.
We revisit 14 popular UDP-based protocols of network services, online games, P2P filesharing networks and P2P botnets, all of which are vulnerable to amplification DDoS attacks. We leverage traffic analysis to detect attack victims and amplifiers, showing that attackers already started to abuse amplification-vulnerable protocols other than DNS.
ROPecker achieves both high detection accuracy and efficiency in ROP defense, without relying on source code, special compiler, or binary rewriting. A sliding window mechanism invokes the run-time detection in proper timings, which identifying sufficiently long chains of gadgets in both past and future execution flows.
Attackers can leverage security vulnerabilities in control systems to make physical processes behave unsafely. We present the Trusted Safety Verifier (TSV), a minimal TCB for the verification of safety-critical code executed on programmable controllers. No controller code is allowed to be executed before it passes physical safety checks by TSV.
In this paper we present AVATAR, a framework that enables complex dynamic analysis of embedded devices, orchestrating firmware emulation together with real hardware. We demonstrate its utility by performing symbolic execution and vulnerability analysis of several devices, including a hard-disk controller, a GSM feature phone and a wireless sensor node.
We present SafeDispatch, a defense to prevent C++ vtable hijacking attacks that take over the control flow of a program via corrupted vtable pointers. SafeDispatch inserts dynamic checks to ensure that virtual call targets are type-safe based on class-hierarchy information. Chromium hardened with SafeDispatch has 2.1% runtime overhead after optimizations.
Recent advances show that we can reuse the legacy binary code to bridge the semantic gap for VMI. However, existing solutions often have high overhead. This paper presents Hybrid-Bridge, a new system that uses decoupled execution and training memorization to bridge the semantic-gap, resulting in one order of magnitude faster according to our experimental results.
Many third-party Android apps such as screenshot and USB tethering require access to critical system resources. A typical way to do so is using Android Debug Bridge (ADB). However, we find that such ADB-level capabilities are not well guarded by Android. We further present Screenmilker, a situation-aware app that exploits these capabilities to stealthily extract users’ passwords in real time.
This paper shows that accelerometers on smartphones possess unique fingerprints, i.e., they respond differently to the same stimulus. The differences in responses are subtle enough that they do not affect the rated functionality. Nonetheless, we demonstrate that, upon close inspection, these fingerprints emerge with consistency, enabling user tracking without cookies.
Trustworthy location statements from a smartphone trusted execution environment (TEE) enable secure second-factor authentication for point-of-sale payments. We provide two user device enrollment solutions that are resistant against powerful but realistic adversaries. A city-wide field study shows the applicability of the proposed second-factor authentication mechanism.
Hybrid application frameworks introduce new browser APIs that let Web applications access native resources on mobile devices.  We analyze inconsistencies between access control policies at different levels of the hybrid software stack, demonstrate how they expose native resources to malicious Web content, and propose a defense.
We found that today’s Android design allows an app with a Bluetooth permission to gain unauthorized access to any Bluetooth devices (particularly healthcare devices) and also misbind the phone with an attack device to inject data to the official apps of the original devices.  We also developed an OS-level protection to address this new challenge.
In a process known as spinning, spammers bypass duplicate spam detection by replacing words or phrases in an article to create new articles with similar meaning.  We propose DSpin, a technique to detect spinning, and use it to evaluate the prevalence of spun content in abused wikis and article directories.
In this paper we present a black-box testing technique to detect logic vulnerabilities in web applications. Our technique is based on the automatic identification of a number of behavioral patterns starting from few network traces in which users interact with a certain application’s functionality. Based on the extracted model, we then generate targeted test cases following a number common attacks patterns. We applied our technique against seven eCommerce web applications detecting 10 previously-unknown logic flaws.
Macaroons are authorization credentials whose efficiency and ease-of-deployment equal that of Web cookies, thanks to their chained-HMAC construction. Unlike cookies, macaroons support efficient, widely-applicable forms of decentralized delegation, with expressiveness that rivals public-key-based mechanisms like SPKI/SDSI. Thus, macaroons can flexibly confine how, by whom, and in what context, authority can be exercised.
This paper describes the first technique to statically detect logic vulnerabilities in e-commerce applications. It formulates a general notion of correct payment logic and validates proper conformance via symbolic execution and taint analysis. A prototype implementation has revealed 11 new, easily exploitable vulnerabilities in widely-deployed open-source e-commerce software.
PHP is the most popular and diverse scripting language on the Web. We introduce a new static code analyzer that precisely models built-in PHP features and their interaction. Our evaluation shows that this is the key for vulnerability detection in modern applications.
We show that real implementations of the pseudonym changing mechanism do not achieve the intended privacy goals and that it is possible to exploit the TMSI reallocation procedure to track mobile telephony users. We propose countermeasures to tackle the exposed vulnerabilities and formally prove a sufficient condition to provide unlinkability.
Continuous monitoring of distributed data streams is a difficult challenge in privacy research, since with any new information exchange, the cost in privacy accumulates. In this paper, we study the relationship between communication efficiency and privacy loss, and present a general framework that enables monitoring arbitrary functions over statistics derived from distributed data streams in a privacy-preserving way.
We present a memory-based denial-of-service (DoS) attack that exploits Tor’s flow control algorithm to remotely kill a Tor relay’s process. We show how the attack may be used to deanonymize hidden services while presenting defenses that provably render the attack ineffective and protect hidden services against DoS attacks in general.
This paper studies how personal data is exchanged by advertising companies via Real Time Bidding (RTB) and Cookie Matching. We show that a large proportion of users’ web histories leaks to 3rd-party companies through RTB, and that users’ browsing history elements are routinely being sold off for less than $0.0005.
We investigate how an attacker can leverage leaked passwords from one site to more easily guess passwords at other sites. Our study found 42-51% of the users reusing the same password across multiple sites. We further identify few transformation rules that users employ to modify a basic password between sites which can be exploited by an attacker to make password guessing vastly easier.
We present the ﬁrst framework for segmentation, semantic classiﬁcation and generalization of passwords and demonstrate how probabilistic grammars encoding the semantics of password samples can lead to better cracking results than the state-of-the-art method. In sessions of 3 billion guesses, we guess approximately 67% more passwords from the LinkedIn leak and 32% more passwords from the MySpace leak.
We analyze password-strength meters from 11 highly popular web services by reverse-engineering their functionality, and testing them against nearly 4 million passwords from common dictionaries. Our results provide prominent characteristics of these meters, and show severe inconsistencies in strength outcomes that may confuse users in choosing a stronger password.
We present Copker, the first work that exploits on-chip cache to implement the RSA cryptosystem entirely within CPU. Copker protects private keys from attackers who have physical access to the machine (e.g., cold-boot attacks). The large size of cache allows memory-intensive algorithms, such as CRT-enabled RSA, to be implemented without RAM.
We construct an encrypted search index data structure capable of searching large datasets in microseconds. It only reveals the results of the search queries and preserves the privacy of the remaining data. Unlike prior work, we handle efficiently searching dynamically changing data while simultaneously maintaining strong privacy guarantees.
We propose a novel anonymous credential scheme that eliminates the need for trusted credential issuers. Our approach builds on recent results in distributed anonymous e-cash and uses techniques — such as the calculation of a distributed transaction ledger — that are currently in widespread deployment in the Bitcoin payment system.
This paper give constructions of symmetric searchable encryption with scalable performance, enabling private searching on server-held encrypted databases with tens of billions of record/keyword pairs.  Our constructions are asymptotically optimal in several respects including index size and full parallelism during searching, and also demonstrate practical efficiency in our implementation.
We propose a new biometric based on the human body’s response to a square pulse signal. We explore how this biometric can be used to provide secure authentication, and using a prototype setup, we show that users can be correctly identified in a matter of seconds.
Federated login protocols for the Web are intended to increase user security by reducing the use of passwords, however these protocols can be vulnerable to recent attacks against TLS that aim to steal bearer tokens.  This paper presents two variants of the popular Persona federated login protocol that are hardened against these types of TLS attacks.
We present novel Two-Factor Authentication (TFA) protocols with improved resistance against online and offline attacks. We show that our TFA protocols can utilize various device-terminal channels, involving PIN entry, QR codes, or wireless communication, and we demonstrate the security, usability and deployability advantages of the resulting TFA schemes over known TFA schemes.
Determining a computer’s identity is critically important, but even hosts with trusted computing hardware can be defeated by relay and impersonation attacks.  Through observing USB stack timing characteristics, we leverage Android devices and machine learning techniques to detect virtualized environments, and uniquely fingerprint hosts amidst fields of identically specified machines.
Wearable camera products (Glass, Autographer, and Narrative among others) will inevitably collect images in sensitive spaces. We introduce PlaceAvoider, a technique to identify the fine-grained location of photo content to inform access policies. PlaceAvoider performs image analysis with local and global features along with a temporal analysis for photo streams.
We introduce Auditable Version Control Systems (AVCS), which are VCS systems designed to function under an adversarial setting. We propose an AVCS scheme for skip delta-based VCS systems, which takes a pragmatic approach and is designed for real-world VCS systems. Our prototype built on top of Apache Subversion (SVN) shows a modest decrease in performance compared to a regular (non-secure) SVN system.
Power oversubscription is becoming a trend for data centers to host more servers. However,  it also leaves data centers vulnerable to malicious workload that could cause power outages. This paper demonstrates that this new power risk is a real threat under three cloud service models and provides guidance on effective mitigation.
To improve our understanding of Nigerian scammers’ tactics, we collect three months of data using our automated scambaiter system which posts honeypot ads on Craigslist and interacts with scammers. This paper presents the methods and prevalence of scammers along with linking a large number of scams to ten groups located in Nigeria.
Botmasters have experimented with many different mechanisms for monetizing compromised user PCs over the years. The past 18 months, however, have seen the rise of a particularly direct method: printing money—Bitcoin, to be exact.  This paper presents the first large-scale study of the methods, prevalence, and effectiveness of Bitcoin-mining botnets.
In this paper we propose SUSI, a novel machine-learning guided approach for identifying and categorizing previously unknown privacy-sensitive sources and sinks directly from the code of any Android API (e.g., Android 4.3 or GoogleGlass). Our results improve both static and dynamic analysis tools in detecting malicious information flows more completely.
We present AirBag, a lightweight OS-level virtualization approach to enhance the popular Android platform and boost its defense capability against mobile malware infection. Assuming a trusted smartphone OS kernel, AirBag is designed to isolate and prevent malicious apps from infecting our normal systems or leaking private information.
Many Android apps use SSL/TLS to transmit sensitive information securely. However, developers can override the standard SSL/TLS certificate validation process, introducing vulnerabilities. In this paper, we present SMV-Hunter, a system for the automatic, large-scale identification of such vulnerabilities combining static and dynamic analysis, and evaluate it on 23,418 apps.
Component hijacking is a class of Android application vulnerabilities, which can be exploited to exfiltrate sensitive information and compromise data integrity. We propose a technique for automatic patch generation. Given a vulnerable app and a discovered component hijacking vulnerability, we automatically generate a patch to disable this vulnerability.
Android allows applications to load additional code from external sources at runtime. We demonstrate that this introduces vulnerabilities in a considerable number of benign applications, while it allows malware to evade offline analysis systems, such as the Google Bouncer. Finally, we propose a modification to Android to counter this threat.
In this paper, we look at the collective network traffic produced by thousands of clients, and we detect malware downloads without analyzing the downloaded programs. Instead, we study patterns that become apparent only when leaving the myopic view of individual downloads, by observing malware distribution infrastructures as  sophisticated and blacklist-resilient content distribution networks.
In this paper, we show that persistent data-only malware is not only possible, but also a realistic threat. To demonstrate this, we state the requirements of persistent data-only malware, discuss the challenges associated with its creation, and show how these challenges can be solved in practice.
We propose Drebin, a lightweight method for detection of Android malware that operates directly on the smartphone. Drebin performs a broad static analysis of Android applications and automatically identifies typical patterns of malicious activities that can be presented to the user. Empirically, Drebin outperforms related approaches and enables detecting 94% of the malware in a large dataset with few false alarms.
We propose a security system called Gyrus that guarantees a system’s network-behavior is consistent with user-intent. Gyrus captures user intent from what is displayed on screen, and enforces the “What-You-See is What-You-Send” policy. Gyrus can be applied to various everyday applications (e.g., e-mail, online banking) with negligible delay to users’ interaction.
We introduce a neuroscience-based methodology to investigate user-centered security. We present an fMRI study measuring users’ security performance and neural activity while detecting phishing websites, and heeding malware warnings. We identify the neural-markers likely governing users’ security performance, and establish relationships between brain activity, personality traits and behavioral performance, and discuss broader implications.
Recent instances of mis-issued certificates have raised concerns about certification authorities. We propose a PKI monitoring framework to classify certificates based on their issuance template and evaluate adherence to the CA/Browser Forum requirements. We run our analysis on a large sample of recently issued certificates.
Traditionally, there have been two cryptographic techniques for hiding a client’s access pattern from an untrusted server: Private Information Retrieval, which involves expensive computation, and Oblivious RAM, which requires significant communication overhead.  We present a hybrid system, using ideas from both, which overcomes the individual weaknesses of each to obtain significantly increased efficiency.
In contrast to cryptography, physical layer security lacks sound attack methodologies. For the latter domain, we develop the equivalence to known-plaintext attacks. To evaluate the attack’s efficacy in theory and practice, we apply our attack and break orthogonal blinding, a scheme to increase the confidentiality of wireless communications.
TLS client certificate authentication has significant security advantages over HTML form-based password authentication. In this paper we discuss practical security and usability issues related to TLS client certificate authentication. We complement our paper with a measurement study performed in Estonia where TLS client certificate authentication is widely used.
