We describe an efficient and full plaintext recovery attack against the OpenSSL implementation of DTLS, and an efficient, partial plaintext recovery attack against the GnuTLS implementation of DTLS. We discuss the reasons why these implementations are insecure, drawing lessons for secure protocol design and implementation in general.
Named Data Networking (NDN) is an example of content-centric networking. While offering some privacy-friendly features, NDN also prompts certain privacy concerns. We examine NDN privacy characteristics and describe an initial approach to communication privacy: ANDaNA, an overlay that borrows some TOR concepts. We also discuss preliminary performance results.
We present new OSPF attacks that exploit design vulnerabilities in the protocol specification. These new attacks can affect the Link State Advertisements (LSA) of routers not controlled by the attacker while evading the OSPF “fight-back” mechanism. As a result, an attacker can persistently control the routing tables of routers it does not control, thereby enabling the attacker to eavesdrop and modify traffic.
We show how seemingly harmless interests, such as Music interests, can leak privacy sensitive information. We infer users’ undisclosed attributes using other users’ public attributes sharing similar interests. We validate our technique on more than 110K Profiles to show that it efficiently predicts attributes that are often hidden.
We present X-Vine, a protection mechanism for P2P networks that operates entirely by communicating over social network links. X-Vine is resilient to Sybil attacks, while requiring only logarithmic state per node. X-Vine also preserves the privacy of user’s social network contacts and provides a basis for pseudonymous communication.
This paper presents an online spam filtering system to inspect messages in online social networks. We propose to use text shingling and incremental clustering to reconstruct spam messages into campaigns in real-time for classification rather than examine them individually. Accordingly, the system adopts novel features that effectively characterize spam campaigns.
University of Minnesota researchers have discovered cellular networks leaking the locations of their subscribers. Using a cheap feature phone and an open-source project, attackers listen to unencrypted broadcast messages from the towers to determine victims in the vicinity. The researchers introduce cheap and easily deployable defenses for the core network.
Location privacy is a major concern for mobile users. This work provides the first experimental evidence about the effectiveness of context-based identifier-change mechanisms in protecting users’ location privacy in currently deployed wireless systems. By means of simple probabilistic tracking algorithms in a real mobile network setting, we show that these techniques are largely ineffective in protecting location privacy of mobile users.
We study how to locate online mobile devices associated with a target network location without cooperation from these devices. Such hit-list can greatly benefit many existing targeted DoS attacks such as signaling attack. Our technique relies on developing and measuring network signatures consisting of both static and dynamic features of key network elements such as Radio Network Controllers (RNCs).
The paper analyses the security of a commercially deployed femtocell solution. During this study several vulnerabilities have been identified, both in the configuration of the specific operator as well as the femtocell architecture. The authors continue to highlight the impact of these vulnerabilities in practice, affecting all aspects of subscriber security in 3G and operator infrastructure security.
Read mapping is a prerequisite for most human DNA analyses. This operation needs an enormous amount of computation resources and cannot be outsources to commercial clouds due to privacy concerns. In this paper, we present the first technique that makes it possible to practically map millions of sequences onto the whole genome over hybrid clouds, in a privacy-preserving manner.
It has long been known that, to achieve unconditionally verifiable outsourced computation, probabilistically checkable proofs (PCPs) and argument systems offered solutions in theory but were hopeless in practice. This paper describes a system that reduces the costs of this machinery by 20 orders of magnitude, resulting in a built system for outsourced computation that is in striking distance of practical.
We investigate techniques for making Oblivious RAM practical. We propose an O-RAM construction achieving an overhead of 20-35X, about 63 times faster than the best existing scheme. We employ a novel technique called partitioning, which allows us to break down the O-RAM problem into smaller instances. Our construction also achieves poly-logarithmic worst-case cost.
In this paper, we present an attack model on searchable encryption protocols that exploits access pattern leakage to disclose significant amount of confidential information. Furthermore, we propose a simple noise addition based mitigation technique that can render such an inference attack significantly more difficult. Finally, we empirically justify our claim by presenting our experimental results on a real world dataset.
Designing leakage-resilient password systems (LRPSs) for unaided users (e.g. against shoulder-surfing or key logger) remains a challenge today despite two decades of intensive research. This paper demonstrates that most existing LRPSs suffer from two generic attacks. We introduce five design principles accordingly and propose a quantitative analysis framework on the usability costs of LRPSs.
Measuring the strength of passwords is crucial to ensure the security of password-based authentication. However, current password strength meters have limited accuracy and are too simple to gauge the complexity of passwords. We present the concept of adaptivepassword strength meters that estimate passwordstrength using Markov-models.
Private Set Intersection (PSI) has many applications for privacy-preserving computation and much research has been devoted to designing custom PSI protocols. We show that generic secure computation techniques built using Yao’s garbled circuit method can often be competitive with custom protocols and can scale to million-element sets, while allowing much easier integration into applications.
Recently, a new generation of Internet-based messaging applications for smartphones was introduced. While user numbers are estimated in the millions, little attention has so far been paid to the security of these applications. Our experimental results revealed major security flaws, allowing attackers to hijack accounts, spoof sender-IDs, or enumerate subscribers.
Control-flow attacks constitute severe threats to software programs on various computing platforms. While control-flow integrity (CFI), a general approach to prohibit these attacks, exist for Intel x86, there is no such a solution for smartphones. We present a novel framework, MoCFI (Mobile CFI) that enforces CFI on-the-fly at runtime on smartphones without requiring source code.
Android is vulnerable to application-level privilege escalation attacks (confused deputy and colluding applications). We present the design and implementation of a security framework for Android towards mitigating these attacks through a system-centric and policy-driven approach with runtime monitoring of communication channels between applications at multiple layers (middleware IPC, file-system, and network).
In this research, we systematically analyze eight flagship Android smartphones from leading manufacturers and discover that the stock phone images do not properly enforce the Android permission model. Sensitive user data and dangerous features on the phones are unsafely exposed to other applications which do not have the proper permission, a security violation we term a capability leak.
We developed a system called DroidRanger to detect known or unknown malicious Android applications. The evaluation with 204,040 applications collected from five different Android marketplaces in May-June 2011 reveals 211 malicious ones: 32 from the official Android Market and179 from alternative markets. DroidRanger also successfully uncoveredtwo zero-day malware families in the collection.
Internet attacks have a strong human aspect; however, the behavior of users when they face threats, and the way they evaluate the security implications of their actions remain largely unexplored. In this paper, we describe an experiment with 164 Internet users and discuss their behavior when confronted with prevalent attacks.
Worms exploiting cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities rampantly infect millions of web pages in popular social networks. PathCutter is a new approach to severing the self-propagation path of XSS JavaScript worms that blocks the issuance of unauthorized HTTP requests by enforcing view separation to restrict DOM access across different client-side views.
We propose a new statistical model and associated learning algorithm for detecting Sybil attacks in online social networks, which groups the nodes in the network into closely linked communities positioned in a latent Euclidean space. Our model outperforms state of the art algorithms in simulated attacks on real network topologies.
Anonymity can give users the license to misbehave. BLACR is the first scheme to generalize “reputation based anonymous blacklisting”, where users can be blocked based on their overall behavior while maintaining their privacy. BLACR also uses an “express lane” technique to greatly speed up authentication and make such schemes practical.
In many democratic countries, CALEA wiretaps are used by law enforcement agencies to perform investigations and gather evidence. This paper proposes a lightweight accountable wiretapping architecture for secure auditing of existing CALEA systems. Based on publicly available wiretap reporting statistics, we conservatively estimate that our architecture can support tamper-evident logging for the US’ ongoing CALEA wiretaps using three commodity PCs.
We present the design and implementation of Shadow, an open-source software architecture for efficiently running accurate, large scale Tor experiments on a single machine. Using Shadow, we evaluate Tor’s EWMA scheduling algorithm, and show that, contrary to previous results on small networks, performance can decrease significantly in realistic deployments.
Memory pages belonging to a terminated process may remain in a system for non-trivial period of time. Discovering semantic information from those memory pages is useful in cyber-forensics. We present a technique called DIMSUM for recognizing data structure instances — without memory mapping information. Via probabilistic inference, DIMSUM is able to identify semantic data of interest with quantifiable confidence.
We introduce a novel BIOS-assisted mechanism for secure generation and management of trusted execution environments. Our approach is capable of completely segregating trusted and untrusted operations. The aim is to be user friendly and swiftly switch – it takes approximately 6 seconds – between execution environments running in a physical machine without requiring any specialized hardware, OS, or application modifications.
We construct a hardware security architecture (called SMART) for efficient and secure establishment of a dynamic root of trust in remote embedded devices. It is geared towards low-end MCUs and requires minimal hardware changes. Its feasibility and practicality are demonstrated on two common MCU platforms: AVR and MSP430.
This paper presents Kruiser, a concurrent kernel heap buffer overflow monitor. Leveraging the multi-core architectures, Kruiser migrates security enforcement from the kernel’s normal execution to a concurrent monitor process, which is protected using contemporary virtualization features. To reduce the synchronization overhead between the monitor process and the running kernel, Kruiser adopts a novel semi-synchronized non-blocking monitoring algorithm.
We introduce WarningBird, a real-time suspicious URL detection system for Twitter.To detect cloaked suspicious URLs, we investigate correlated redirect chains of URLs included in a number of tweets.Evaluation results show that our system can accurately and efficiently classify large tweet samples from the Twitter public timeline.
Modern web browsers are complex. Individually, they are all prone to security vulnerabilities and crashes.However, major browsers are distinct implementations that rarely share the same vulnerability. In other words, a single attack rarely succeeds in exploiting all browsers.We propose Cocktail, a system using replicated execution of Firefox, Google Chrome,and Opera to defend against browser attacks and withstand browser crashes.
Many web services aim to track clients as a basis for analyzing their behavior and providing personalized services. Despite much debate regarding the collection of client information, there have been few quantitative studies that analyze the effectiveness of host-tracking and the associated privacy risks.
The Chrome browser employs least privileges and privilege separation principles to protect malicious websites from damaging the browser system via extensions. In this work we reveal that Chrome’s extension security model is not a panacea for all possible attacks with browser extensions. We demonstrated attack scenarios from malicious browser extensions and proposed a few countermeasures accordingly.
It is a common belief that one can delete a bad domain from DNS registry to stop related malicious activities. Surprisingly, the deleted domain can still be kept alive worldwide due to an unnoticed vulnerability in DNS. This paper presents the phenomenon of ghost domain names and the mechanism behind.
Data-plane fault localization is a promising means to enhancing network availability. However, existing faultlocalization protocols cannot achieve a practical tradeoff between security and efficiency. In this paper, we propose an efficient fault localization protocol called ShortMAC, which leverages probabilistic packet authentication and achieves 100 – 10000 times lower detection delay and overhead than related work.
NDSes/NPSes use regular expressions, represented as automata, to detect security threats. Prior automata construction algorithms use a “Union then Minimize” framework, which leads to extensive memory usage. In this paper, we propose a “Minimize then Union” framework for constructing compact alternative automata focusing on the DDFA. In our experiments, our algorithm runs up to 302 times faster and uses 1390 times less memory than previous algorithms.
By prefetching and prevalidating server certificates, web browsers can enable TLS handshakes with zero round trips that are up to four times faster than a normal handshake. This proposal improves web security by allowing more time for certificate validation and making it less costly for websites to enable TLS.
We propose Gatling, a framework that automatically finds performance attacks caused by insider attackers in large-scale message-passing distributed systems. In performance attacks, malicious nodes deviate from the protocol with the goal of degrading system performance. We applied Gatling to six systems and found a total of 41 attacks.
Designing distributed applications that preserve the privacy of users is a daunting task, which even security experts consider error-prone. We present a solution based on an intuitive, high-level specification language that hides cryptographic and networking details, and a compiler that automatically turns user-provided system specifications into secure executable code.
We present and evaluate a novel methodology for improving the performance overhead of dynamic data flow tracking (DDFT) frameworks, by combining static and dynamic analysis. Specifically, we separate the program logic from the corresponding tracking logic, and apply optimization techniques that eliminate redundant tracking and minimize interference with the target program. Our results indicate a DDFT speedup by as much as 2.23x.
The complexities of C++ create new memory safety vulnerabilities not present in simpler software. We present vtable escape bugs, a type confusion error present in real, deployed C++ software, and we show how automated binary code analyses can statically detect the security defects by reconstructing high-level classes and objects.
Due to the complexity of the victim programs and sophistication of recent exploits, existing diagnosis techniques either miss important attack steps or report too much irrelevant information. As the key steps in memory-corruption exploits often involve pointer misuses, we proposed PointerScope to automatically infer types on binary execution, detect pointer misuses, and then highlight the key steps of the exploit.
